Update RESPONSIBILITIES.md (#194)
opensearch-project/.github: RESPONSIBILITIES.md

- If a pull request is valuable but isn't gaining traction, consider reaching out to fulfill the necessary requirements. This way, the pull request can be merged, even if the work is done by several individuals.
- Lastly, strive for progress, not perfection.

> ### Merging a Pull Request 

Reviewer: Add to TOC, please?

It is important that commit messages are helpful in understanding the reasons for a given commit and maintain good commit hygiene by only keeping the relevant information. 

> When a PR is going to be merged, our repositories are set to automatically squash the commits into a single commit. This process needs human intervention to produce high quality commit messages, with the following steps to be followed as much as possible:

Reviewer: It's not completely true that all repos force squash, and it's not really correct to say they are "set to squash". They require squashing, mostly. Let's say that:

"Most repositories in opensearch-project are configured to require commits to be squashed when merging pull requests."

I also think we should clarify that the person merging needs to edit the text.

"This process needs human intervention to produce high quality commit messages. When merging contributor pull requests, edit merge messages by following these steps as much as possible."

> - The commit subject is clean and conveys what is being merged.

Reviewer: These don't read like steps. Maybe "Ensure that the commit subject ... Ensure that ..."?

Author: I reworded this as `The commit subject should be concise and clearly convey what is being merged.` right now. Let me know if you think we need to reword further.

- If a pull request is valuable but isn't gaining traction, consider reaching out to fulfill the necessary requirements. This way, the pull request can be merged, even if the work is done by several individuals.
- Lastly, strive for progress, not perfection.

### Merging a Pull Request 

It is important that commit messages are helpful in understanding the reasons for a given commit and maintain good commit hygiene by only keeping the relevant information. 

> Most repositories in [opensearch-project](https://github.com/opensearch-project) are configured to require commits to be squashed into a single commit when merging pull requests. This process needs human intervention to produce high quality commit messages. When merging pull requests, edit merge messages by following these steps as much as possible:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most repositories in [opensearch-project](https://github.com/opensearch-project) are configured to require commits to be squashed into a single commit when merging pull requests. If the pull request contains multiple commits then messages from all commits will be appended into a single message, which usually requires editing to produce a high quality commit message. When merging pull requests, edit commit messages by following these steps as much as possible:
```

@sandeshkr419 What do you think?

- The commit subject should be concise and clearly convey what is being merged.

> - The commit body should include the details (if any) about the commit, typically inline with the PR description.

Reviewer 2: I very much like for commit subjects to limited to about 50 characters and bodies wrapped at around 72 characters, though neither are hard maximums. This helps for the commit messages to work well with all the git tooling. Just my opinion, but maybe worth adding as a suggestion here?

Author: I have added a brief note in the guidelines as of now. Let me know if that makes sense.

- The commit body should include the 'Signed-Off-By:*' for all committers involved in the change.

> - There need to be a matching 'Signed-Off-By:' line for the `This commit will be authored by *` email address otherwise backport DCO checks will fail.

Author: The section you linked already mentions this as contributing guidelines:

```
The DCO is a declaration attached to every contribution made by every developer. In the commit message of the contribution, the developer simply adds a Signed-off-by statement and thereby agrees to the DCO, which you can find below or at [DeveloperCertificate.org](http://developercertificate.org/).
```

Also it is also mentioned that all workflows in opensearch-project have DCO checks enabled:

```
We require that every contribution to OpenSearch is signed with a Developer Certificate of Origin. DCO checks are enabled via a [DCO workflow app](https://github.com/apps/dco) across the entire opensearch-project organization, and your PR will fail CI without it.
```

So I'll just update it very briefly that the `'signed-off by:' implies that the contributor agrees to DCO<link>` to avoid it redundancy.
